# Basic Test::Unit Tutorial

[Test::Unit](http://rubyforge.org/projects/test-unit/) is a testing framework for Ruby. One of the most popular framework that was built into Ruby. Starting Ruby 1.9, Test::Unit is no longer bundled. Test::Unit is still in active development. MiniTest, which is bundled in Ruby 1.9, is not a complete replacement for Test::Unit.


## Installation

If you use Ruby 1.8.X, you already have Test::Unit installed. Ruby 1.9 users need to isntall Test::Unit as a gem

To install Test::Unit:

    sudo gem install test-unit
    
    
## Tutorials

I try to cover various features of Test::Unit, but my first milestone is to explain what's available in Test::Unit (e.g., assert methods). The first milestone will not include any implementation code. You just write test code and run it to understand Test::Unit. The target audience is those who have no experience with using Test::Unit.

Most of the tutotials at this moment originate from a [RubyLearing](http://rubylearning.org) course I was planning to run. I would like to thank all, who helped during the time. The course was run as an experiment, but I didn't succeed in making the course as one complete course. (I gave up making a course, so I decided part of the planned course to public.)

## Excersices and Discussion

I dont't plan to make any forums or mailing list for now. But we can use the GitHub issue tracker for discussion. At this moment, there is no answers prepared for questions.


## Help Me

If you have any suggestions, requests and corrections, please use the issue tracker on GitHub. Or directly get in touch with me. This entire thing is very experimental. Can we use GitHub as an education platform?

## Recources

* <http://test-unit.rubyforge.org/test-unit/>


## Author

* Takaaki Kato <http://samuraicoder.net>

## Contributors

* RubyLearing Gang.

